PEW RESEARCH CENTER - Global Attitudes & Trends
 
Spring 2016 19-Nation Survey

It is important to read this information before using the Pew Research Center's Spring 2016 Global Attitudes survey dataset. 

 
1.	General population weight:
	
	The weight that must be used when analyzing the attitudes and opinions of the general populations is:
		
	General population variable name:  Weight
			
	Weight by weight for this analysis. 


2.	The full topline results are for the general populations, unless otherwise stated. To access topline trends, please use the Pew Global Attitudes & Trends Question Database on our website: http://www.pewglobal.org/question-search/     


3.	The topline results exclude data for questions where there are fewer than 100 observations for a particular country. This data is, however, included in the full dataset. 
  

4.	The questionnaire includes full question wording as well as answer category values.


5.	Methodological overviews of each survey country, including sample design, mode, languages, fieldwork dates, sample size, margin of error, and representativeness are available on our methods website: http://www.pewresearch.org/methodology/international-survey-research/international-methodology/


6.	Certain variables have been eliminated from the dataset either because of disclosure sensitivities or because of administrative errors.


7.	The dataset does not include several questions asked in the United States for comparative purposes. Those were administered in a separate Pew Research Center survey and can be found at http://www.people-press.org/datasets/2016/ under "April 2016 Politics And Foreign Policy Survey".


8.      Empirical research by Pew Research Center on U.S. data has found that questions which explicitly or implicitly test a respondent’s level of news interest can be subject to social desirability bias, especially when the item is administered by an interviewer. Although untested in this survey, a similar bias may characterize the cross-national responses to Q37a-e.